Moderator: Okay. So I have started the recording. And just to confirm, are you comfortable? If I record my screen and audio as we talk today.
P22: Yes, I am.
Moderator: Okay? And are you comfortable if we decide to use a recorded clip from our discussion to share with Va partners, and we'll remove any identifiable information.
P22: Yes.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: alright. So before we look at the caregiver program online form, let's start with a few warm-up questions today. So
Moderator: are you up enrolled? Or have you applied for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers in the past?
P22: Yes.
Moderator: Did you apply? And are you enrolled or just applied, and not enrolled.
P22: Think I'm enrolled.
Moderator: Okay.
P22: Think.
Moderator: we'll go with that. Then. Do you know about how many months ago you may have been enrolled.
P22: It's it's been a little bit
P22: maybe
P22: 5 months.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Do you know, if you used a Vso or accredited representative to help you sign up for the caregiver program.
P22: No, we didn't use any any help.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: did you enroll with both a primary and a secondary caregiver?
P22: No.
Moderator: Just the primary.
P22: Yeah.
Moderator: Okay.
P22: I didn't even know you could enroll a secondary.
Moderator: did you complete the 1010 cg. Form in person, or at a facility or online.
P22: Oh, it was at the Va.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Can you tell me a little bit more about your overall experience there, just whatever you can remember about the application process.
P22: Yeah, I remember it was a little I thought it was a little tedious.
P22: And it was a little confusing, like we like. The reason we ended up doing it. At the Va. Is because we had a bunch of questions about the form and stuff.
Moderator: Got it.
Moderator: Yeah. Did you get? We're able to get your questions answered that route, or was there anything else about that experience?
P22: There were some we got answers to, and others it was just like.
P22: roll the dice. And hopefully, we're right.
Moderator: Got it.
Moderator: Is there anything else you'd like to share about your experience with applying for the caregiver program, good or bad, neutral, anything.
P22: No, it would. I? I guess my thing was, it was 1st off. We didn't know about it for so long.
P22: and then second off it. It wasn't easy.
P22: so it wasn't like it wasn't like like, the paperwork wasn't very understandable
P22: of what the questions they were asking and stuff.
Moderator: Got it.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: is there anything else you want to add about what you remember
Moderator: before we kind of take a look at the online form as it is now.
P22: No, that's all I remember.
P22: Okay.
Moderator: I'm going to put a link in chat for you that goes to our testing site.
Moderator: I'd like you to click on it. And then, when you're ready.
Moderator: you have ready to screen, share, share, just the tab or screen for this site.
Moderator: Let me know if you need any help. I can walk you through that.
P22: Okay,
P22: yeah. How do I share.
Moderator: Okay, are you on a mobile or tablet.
P22: Yeah.
Moderator: There should be at the bottom a share screen or like broadcast screen.
Moderator: Okay, hold on.
Moderator: And if you need to take a minute to close anything on your phone. Go ahead and do that, too.
P22: Oh, share, content.
Moderator: Yep.
P22: Share. Screen.
P22: Yep.
Moderator: And it probably comes up with a message about broadcasting.
Moderator: and then click! Yes, and then you'll open up the window.
P22: Okay.
P22: Art.
P22: Okay. Can you see it? Yep.
Moderator: I can see it.
P22: Okay. Okay. Cool.
Moderator: Feel free to move my face out of the way, too, if you need to see anything.
Moderator: Okay. So I would just like you to review this page and tell me your initial thoughts and expectations about the program before going forward. And just remember to think aloud as much as possible. We really want to hear what you're kind of going through your head as you're going through this.
P22: Okay.
P22: I don't think I even saw this page when we were looking to do it.
P22: Because it would have been nice to check early on if I was eligible.
P22: We just went and filled the form out, not knowing if we were eligible or not.
P22: Okay, yeah. I mean, I can follow this.
Moderator: Okay, does anything on the page stand out to you as being confusing or really helpful?
P22: It's helpful having that the support
P22: where you can call and ask questions for help filling out the form
P22: cause. Then we wouldn't have had to have gone all the way to the Va.
P22: That would have been helpful to know.
P22: I wish that was like up top.
Moderator: Is there anything else on this page here that you
Moderator: like to?
Moderator: You find extra.
P22: Helpful.
Moderator: Or like to see, moved around.
P22: I like that. The start. Your application is at the top and the bottom. But I think the big thing for me is having that. If you have questions I would I would put that like right up front.
Moderator: Thanks for that feedback that's helpful.
Moderator: and on a scale of one to 5 of one being very poor and 5 being very well. How prepared and informed do you feel about the application you're about to begin? Based on this page's content.
P22: Okay, what's 1? Again?
Moderator: Very poorly, and 5 is very good.
P22: I I would say, maybe like
P22: a 3,
P22: because I I still wouldn't know what to expect.
P22: I'd have to like click on the links and stuff, I guess.
P22: But I I would still be like, Okay, what is this form? I'm getting ready to fill out.
Moderator: Yeah, is there anything else you would do from this point before starting the application.
P22: Yeah, I would click on that. Check your eligibility thing first.st
Moderator: You can feel free to do that, if that's what you would normally do.
P22: Okay
P22: requirements.
P22: Okay.
Moderator: Yeah, I'm curious. Does that help answer the questions you were looking for on the previous page?
P22: Yeah, it does. It does.
Moderator: Is there anything else she's
Moderator: still want information on here that you think is missing?
P22: Hold on. I'm still
P22: no, but I did. One part that we missed throughout the whole process was that you can have the secondary family caregivers.
P22: so I don't know if that needs to be even bigger print, maybe highlighted in blue or something.
P22: But
P22: We missed that throughout the whole process. I mean, I was shocked when you said you can have more than one.
Moderator: If there's anything else on this page you wanna look at before you would start the application.
P22: Oh, yeah, I'm still still reading.
P22: Now, this is
P22: this is very good information. I needed to know when I 1st tried.
P22: yeah, this is, this is very good information.
P22: I I definitely wish I had known this. To begin with.
Moderator: Got it so that feedback.
Moderator: Now can you just go ahead and start the application as if you were applying.
P22: Yes.
P22: this one. Okay.
P22: Okay.
Moderator: So, yeah, this is our testing site. So you don't have to worry about your information going anywhere but feel free to either use real or fake information, whatever you feel most comfortable with.
P22: Okay?
P22: Oh, I don't have any of that.
P22: Okay.
P22: Oh.
P22: I thought I had typed that in.
P22: is it not taking the information.
Moderator: Yeah, it seems to be doing something a little odd. There, try just putting your cursor in that field in space and see if it clears it.
Moderator: That work.
Moderator: Oh, that's weird!
P22: Yeah.
P22: okay.
Moderator: I can give you a fake number here if you're not comfortable with doing that. So 3, 2, 1,
Moderator: 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9.
P22: Okay.
P22: Oops!
P22: Carol.
Moderator: What are your thoughts and impressions as you're entering in that one.
P22: Oh, I would it! It threw me off where it said, the why we asked this information, and the arrow pointing down.
P22: I had to look again to see what it was really asking for. The county.
Moderator: Got it so that feedback.
P22: Yeah. Having the why we asked this information right there, pointing to the box, is confusing
P22: cause I thought you wanted me to answer why
P22: you were asking for that information.
Moderator: Got it. Thank you for that feedback. That's helpful.
Moderator: Yeah. And just remember to talk aloud on this page. Just want to hear any reactions you're having.
P22: Yeah, okay, yeah. I was just reading what they were asking for.
P22: Okay.
P22: what if you don't have an alternate phone number? Can I just leave that blank.
Moderator: Yeah. Is that your expectations there on that field.
P22: Yeah.
P22: Yeah. Cause I I don't.
P22: I'm just gonna assume I can leave it blank.
Moderator: Okay.
P22: Should say, like optional or something.
P22: Okay.
P22: okay? So I would have to look this up immediately.
P22: like I would not know my postal code to my Va.
Moderator: Know? How would you prefer to search for a Va. Facility.
P22: I would just Google it.
P22: I guess I mean, that's what I have to do, because
P22: otherwise I wouldn't know how to find that
P22: I?
P22: Oh, well, that's helpful.
P22: It pull. I I, okay, yeah.
Moderator: Yeah, what are you thinking with what happened? There?
P22: Okay, yeah, I would have.
P22: I just push that by chance.
P22: Because I would still be looking at my postal code.
P22: But that's helpful that you don't have to go look that up. But I would have wasted time. Go and look that up.
Moderator: Got it. Thanks for explaining that.
Moderator: Yes, and if you wanted to change the facility you selected by doing a new search, can you walk me through. How you would do that.
P22: Back.
P22: I would type back in Dallas.
P22: Texas. Oh, now I see. Or postal code, that is tiny.
P22: I would I missed the or thing.
P22: Yeah, I'd have wasted time and went off. And Google searched my postal code for Dallas, Va.
Moderator: Okay, thanks for explaining that.
P22: So.
P22: So yeah, I would just go back and then click whichever one.
P22: I guess I would get confused, though
P22: the difference between the Dallas, Va. Medical Center.
P22: the North Texas Va. Mobile clinic.
P22: and the Dallas Va. Clinic
P22: like. Now that I've read them all.
P22: I wouldn't know. They all seem to be at the same address, so I wouldn't know which one I'm
P22: I get my care at.
Moderator: Got it. Thanks for that feedback. What would
Moderator: you want to have on this page to help you figure that out.
P22: I'd have been fine with it, just just saying the Dallas one.
P22: Okay, and
P22: because the the 2 underneath the Dallas, one the North Clinic, Mobile Clinic.
P22: and the Dallas Va. Clinic.
P22: I don't know which one
P22: like now that I've read them in detail.
P22: I wouldn't know which one to pick.
P22: cause they're
P22: they're all on Lancaster Road, and that's the only thing I know about the Va. Is that it's on Lancaster
P22: Road.
P22: but at this point in time. I would have to like call the Va.
P22: Because I wouldn't know which one
P22: which is the one I see care at.
Moderator: About it.
Moderator: Yeah, thanks for that feedback that's really helpful
Moderator: to hear again.
Moderator: Yeah, so just pick the one.
P22: Yeah, by default, I just picked the 1st one, but that would be a total guess on my part.
P22: cause it's probably one of the top 3,
P22: but which one of the top 3. I have no clue.
Moderator: About it.
Moderator: I'll pause you here for a second, but do another kind of rating question on a scale of one to 5 again, one being very poorly and 5 being very well.
Moderator: how would you rate the process there to select a Va. Facility.
P22: That one was pretty poor because I mean I totally guessed on that one.
Moderator: Okay.
P22: I mean, that was the complete guess
P22: of which one I go to, because I have no idea.
Moderator: Got it.
P22: So that was very confusing. I would give that a 1.
Moderator: Okay, thank you.
Moderator: And I guess, what does the term primary caregiver mean to you as you're at this point of the application.
P22: Yeah, that would be the person who takes care of me.
P22: so I didn't, since I didn't know about secondary or whatever, I would just put my mom because she's the person does all the work.
Moderator: Got it.
P22: So.
Moderator: Just
Moderator: what about that?
P22: Click down on the learn. More.
Moderator: Got it.
P22: other relative.
P22: So the the primary one is easy. I would pick my mom because she's my primary.
Moderator: Okay, yeah, let's go through a scenario where you're
Moderator: adding her. Then.
Moderator: yes.
Moderator: curious. If you were completing this form for real.
Moderator: would she be here with you to help you fill this out.
P22: Oh, most definitely.
P22: most definitely.
P22: we'd still be arguing over which Va.
P22: are we go to?
P22: Okay?
P22: Okay, okay.
P22: so this part's easy. I'm I'm good here.
P22: I'm making up a number because I don't know.
Moderator: If you were doing that for real, you said she'd be here with you, so.
P22: Yeah, she would know she would know.
P22: Mother.
P22: Okay, this, this dropdown box answers a question I was I was having, which was if I were doing a secondary one. Could my sister be that? And this answered that for me.
P22: that's kind of why I pause right there
P22: just.
Moderator: So much for feedback.
P22: Anyone
P22: who all qualify and.
Moderator: But I can give you another. Fake one here.
P22: Yeah, do it?
Moderator: 3, 2, 1,
Moderator: 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 8.
P22: Okay.
P22: Yes. Same address.
P22: Home address. Yes.
P22: Okay, that was good. That was easy.
P22: Okay.
P22: all this mail copy.
P22: Okay. Okay.
P22: Okay. I see now
P22: that I'm seeing this page for the second time.
P22: that
P22: the email is optional.
P22: but having something on there
P22: that says the second number, and the email is optional would be helpful.
Moderator: Got it.
P22: Okay.
Moderator: Yeah. Now, the secondary caregiver is learning about this concept for the 1st time. What does a secondary caregiver mean to you?
P22: I would I would guess that the secondary caregiver would be the person who steps in when, like my mom's asleep, or needs a break or something.
Moderator: Got it.
Moderator: Do you think the secondary role differs in the application process and benefits
Moderator: from the primary caregiver role.
P22: I was getting ready to ask that question. Actually, I don't know.
P22: I would.
P22: I would like more information on this page like.
P22: what is the secondary caregiver, and what do they qualify for?
P22: Like? What's what's the point of having a secondary.
Moderator: Got it. Thank you for that feedback. That's helpful.
P22: Yeah, cause I'm I'm like.
P22: does the secondary person get any benefits, do they?
P22: Is, is it needed for me to state that
P22: if my mom runs to the grocery store, my sister is the one who stays with me.
P22: like, I need a lot more information on this page.
Moderator: Got it.
Moderator: Yeah.
Moderator: thank you for explaining that.
Moderator: And for this scenario, let's go through like you're gonna add an additional. They're gonna add a secondary caregiver. You can feel free to make up some fake information if you need to.
P22: Okay.
P22: that's right.
P22: Okay, this page was easy to pull out.
P22: but I would still be sucked on the previous page trying to figure out, what's the point of a secondary.
P22: that's what's still lingering in my head.
Moderator: You do? Another 1, 3, 2, 1, 4, 5, 6, 7,
Moderator: 8, 7.
Moderator: I think that's 9, is it?
P22: Oh, it worked!
P22: Now, here's another question I have on this page
P22: the secondary caregiver do they have? Would they have to live with me too, or just come over. My primary is not there.
P22: or
P22: how does that work.
Moderator: Yeah, is that not clear?
P22: No.
Moderator: Page at all.
P22: Not at all.
P22: I know earlier, they said. The primary has to live with the veteran, but I I don't have enough information about this whole secondary one.
Moderator: Got it.
P22: I mean, I'm just. I'm just filling it out because my sister does live with me. But I would. I would need to know. Know like, does that matter?
P22: Can they be a secondary if they only come over when my primary is gone.
P22: like.
Moderator: Helpful feedback.
P22: Yeah, I I need a whole little section on what the secondary caregiver is.
Moderator: Okay.
P22: Okay.
P22: phone, number.
Moderator: I know he had mentioned, you'd be filling this form out with your mom, your primary caregiver.
Moderator: Would you do the same thing with the secondary. Would they be there with you
Moderator: when you were filling it out.
P22: Probably not. It'd probably just be me and my mom as my primary
P22: but we would
P22: hold on. Let me read this.
P22: Search the backups.
P22: Okay, so this little blurb right here.
P22: I would.
P22: I would prefer, if it was given earlier in the process, the secondary.
P22: and also if it was expanded upon like, I still have questions on what's the secondary?
P22: So before I back on that page, where
P22: do you want to register a secondary.
P22: I'd want this information plus more there.
P22: because
P22: we probably would have skipped the whole secondary thing. In fact, we did skip it
P22: not. Probably we did skip it because we had no clue. What that meant.
Moderator: That's really helpful feedback. Thank you for talking through that so much.
P22: yeah.
P22: I mean, I I don't have another secondary.
P22: But
P22: yeah, that this information would have been way helpful earlier.
Moderator: Got it.
Moderator: and you can go ahead and click no to the.
P22: Okay.
Moderator: Another one and continue.
Moderator: Then, yeah, just in your own words, in your own words, describe this page and what it's asking you to do.
P22: Okay?
P22: it's asking me, who's going to be signing? Is it gonna be me, or is it going to be someone with legal
P22: representation to sign for me.
P22: Thank you.
Moderator: Have someone who's a legal rep for you.
P22: I I do not.
P22: But
P22: It's good to know if I needed it. I could get it.
P22: So yeah, I would just say it's me signing for me.
Moderator: Okay.
P22: Oh, okay.
Moderator: Yeah, so please look over this page and just tell me your initial impressions or expectations. You see here.
P22: That itty, bitty, teeny, tiny expand all
P22: would. I would like that bigger, because I just saw that by chance.
Moderator: Okay.
P22: I would I would use that button.
P22: But Jesus, teeny tiny.
P22: I have to put my reading glasses on to see that.
Moderator: If you saw something you entered by mistake. Can you show me how you go about correcting that.
P22: Yeah, I would.
P22: edit.
P22: And then update.
P22: yeah, like that.
Moderator: Thank you.
P22: Okay.
P22: at this point in time, I'd still be worried if I picked the right medical center.
P22: And
P22: yeah.
P22: yeah, before I would submit this form right now.
P22: I would have to call the Va.
P22: Got it
P22: mostly just.
Moderator: Confirm your facility.
P22: Yeah, like I, I would still be stressing over did I pick the right facility.
Moderator: It's helpful feedback. Thanks for sharing that.
P22: No problem.
P22: and then, when I get here, I'd still be confused about the secondary. What! What am I applying for?
P22: What benefits
P22: am I applying for?
P22: I mean, I have that question in general like like, Do I want to go back and add my sister on there? I mean, does she qualify for benefits? What benefits?
P22: yeah, I would. I would be stressing over those 2 things right now, if this is real, okay.
P22: like it would, it would definitely agitate my stress level?
P22: Nothing.
Moderator: The point you'd be wanting to call the Va. Or.
P22: Oh, yeah, I would. I would. There's no way I'd be submitting this form right now.
P22: I'd be going back looking. I'd be clicking the back button to go back to that 1st page if you need help.
Moderator: Got it.
P22: because I would I would that would, even though this is fake. It's bothering me.
Moderator: I guess any other thoughts you have on this page, as you kind of look towards the bottom of it.
P22: no, no, this is just signing and
P22: and saying it's there.
P22: Everything's truthful.
P22: family, primary family caregiver, applicant statement of truth.
Moderator: Yeah, I guess. What's your comfort level with filling out and signing this information? Would everyone be present.
P22: Yes, everyone would would be present at this point in time.
P22: oh, okay, I see. It took me scrolling down to see who's signing this to realize that this was for my caregiver.
Moderator: Got it. That wasn't clear.
P22: No, not at all. I'm like, are they asking for me that information again?
P22: Or, yeah, that was not clear until I got to
P22: the primary family caregivers full name that that was for her to sign.
Moderator: Got it.
P22: And now that I know that I know the secondary, this is the secondary one to sign.
P22: So at this point in time, I'd be like. Oh, crap! Where's my sister?
Moderator: Got it. Yeah, she said earlier, you'd be okay if she wasn't there.
P22: Right, and now I realize she would need to be here.
Moderator: Okay.
P22: So yeah, somewhere somewhere in there
P22: I I would need someone to tell me that she needed to be here versus getting all the way to the end, and being like.
P22: Oh, she's at work! Great
P22: do I illegally click the box for her, or do I wait till she gets home?
Moderator: Got it. That's really helpful feedback. Thanks for sharing that.
P22: No problem.
Moderator: Actually, if you submit it today, we're in our test site so it won't work and it won't go anywhere but.
P22: Okay,
P22: the need help part.
P22: That would be helpful to have at the beginning of this page.
Moderator: Got it.
P22: Because I would have hit that back button
P22: a million times already.
P22: And I wouldn't have gotten all the way down to the bottom to see the back space right there.
P22: Way up here
P22: where it's the the facility thing.
P22: I would be hitting the back button on the
P22: on the web page
P22: to go to the beginning
P22: all over, and which would probably reset everything and really tick me off.
P22: But I would be hitting that backspace button to get to that phone number
P22: of I need help.
Moderator: Got it. That's really helpful feedback, and thank you for explaining it so well, too.
P22: No problem. Yeah, cause that
P22: I would have to refill out the whole form.
Moderator: Yeah.
Moderator: that's frustrating.
P22: Yes, that would have really sucked.
P22: But yeah, I would definitely put somewhere earlier, your secondary needs to be there if you're applying and the need help stuff cause it didn't even cross my mind to go in the bottom of the document
P22: to hit the back button or to
P22: look at for that phone number that I need help.
Moderator: Got it. That's really helpful feedback. Thank you.
Moderator: Okay. If there's nothing else you wanted to add on this page, I was gonna share a screen. What would
Moderator: look like if you hit? Submit.
P22: Okay.
Moderator: Okay, so let me
Moderator: share screen.
P22: Do I need to stop? Oh, I gotta stop saving, or something, because that's really tiny.
P22: How do I do that? Oh, wait! There it goes. Nope! It's gone!
Moderator: Can you see the screen? Now? Is it okay?
P22: It says.
P22: Oh, okay, okay, hold on. Okay. Yes. Now I can see it.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: I'm gonna scroll through this. Let me know if you need me to go slower or faster, or pause.
P22: See if that's.
Moderator: No.
P22: All right.
P22: Confirmation number.
P22: Okay, I would totally be hitting print this page right here.
Moderator: Got it.
Moderator: I don't know if I need to slow down at all.
P22: Okay, now you're good.
P22: This is why
P22: so right here?
P22: where it says, what can you do if your application is denied and stuff.
P22: This currently has me wondering
P22: if I were to go and add my sister back on with that
P22: reset my entire process of having applied for
P22: the caregiver
P22: program
P22: that just triggered questions in my head about my real application.
P22: cause I didn't put my sister on there. So
P22: does that restart everything.
P22: Yeah.
Moderator: Would you need here to kind of help with that.
P22: that number there. It is.
P22: Okay.
P22: The call caregiver support line.
P22: Yeah, right? There.
P22: that's what I would do. I would call them.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: any other
Moderator: thoughts or kind of what feedback on this page.
P22: Oh, there's another! I I totally missed that. What to do if you have questions now.
Moderator: I may have been scrolling too fast. Sorry.
P22: That's okay. Yeah. I would be calling that number at this point in time.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: And I guess if you had a magic wand, how would you want this page to work for? You?
P22: I think I would like the what to do if you have questions now
P22: to be a little higher up.
Moderator: Got it.
P22: because
P22: I would have questions
P22: once again. And maybe it's just because I I lack impatience. Maybe I would be trying to figure out what that phone number was. Again.
Moderator: Got it
Moderator: anything else on this confirmation page.
P22: No, that's about it.
Moderator: Okay, cool.
Moderator: Well, thank you for your feedback on that. I'm going to stop sharing now, and I have a couple wrap up questions before we end. Today.
P22: Okay.
Moderator: Curious. What research would you do before applying and completing a form like this?
P22: I would still be stuck on that whole secondary caregiver thing.
P22: And
P22: and I mean to be honest, I didn't. I didn't never made it past the page. That was where your clinic is. I would have had to call for help right then. There.
P22: I don't know if I would have called the actual Va. I go to
P22: and be like.
P22: Which clinic is this one of these 3?
P22: Or if I had called the if you need help. With this form.
Moderator: Okay? So that wasn't clear which one would be the best route.
P22: Right.
P22: and then, by the time I got to the secondary thing.
P22: I I would be calling again.
Moderator: Got it.
P22: And
P22: then I would have never got the form submitted, because my sister would be at work, and I would need her here to sign that last page.
P22: So that would have been nice to know earlier on the process, something that says
P22: all caregivers must be present to fill out this form.
P22: because I don't think
P22: I I think, because whenever I fill a form, I have my mom there, that's just habitual for us.
P22: But I think if it wasn't habitual for us to do that. I would have started filling out the form and then been like, Oh, crap! I need my mom.
Moderator: Got it.
P22: Just like I was with the oh, I need my sister.
Moderator: It's very helpful thanks for sharing that
Moderator: you talked about this a little bit already, so I think I know where you might lean on this question. But what are your thoughts about the amount of information provided in the form? Do you think it was too much too little, or just enough.
P22: Too little.
P22: too little. I I need. I would need more information because I I couldn't fill the form up without calling for help.
Moderator: Got it.
Moderator: You talked about this some. What additional information would you want around who qualifies as a primary and secondary caregiver.
P22: Yeah, I'd like definitions of of that something that explains. And then also, what benefits
P22: the secondary gets versus the primary. Is it worth putting a secondary on there.
P22: cause. I still won't have the answer to that question.
P22: even after going through the whole form.
Moderator: Got it.
Moderator: Anything else you want to add about what we talked about today.
P22: no, we pretty much went over every all the questions that I would have.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: So I just want to circle back and reconfirm. Are you comfortable if we decide to share a video clip of this session with our Va. Partners, so they can better understand veterans experiences, or remove any identifiable information. Of course.
P22: Yeah, I'm fine with that.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: well, we really appreciate you taking the time to share your thoughts with us today. That's all we have. So your feedback is really helpful as we continue to iterate and work on the site so it could be better for veterans and caregivers
Moderator: a lot of work to do.
Moderator: and lastly, pregn the one that signed you up for this, they'll be sending you a thank you. Note with a blurb, and you can pass that along to other veterans. You might know who want to participate in studies like this.
P22: Okay. Cool. Cool. Well.
Moderator: Thank you so much again, and I hope you have a great day.
P22: Thanks, bye.
Moderator: Bye.